feat: a new install_code mode (#135)
dfinity/interface-spec: spec/index.md

These steps are atomic: If `canister_pre_upgrade` or `canister_post_upgrade` trap, the upgrade has failed, and the canister is reverted to the previous state. Otherwise, the upgrade has succeeded, and the old instance is discarded.

> #### Canister upgrade skip pre_upgrade method {#system-api-canister-upgrade-skip-pre_upgrade}

Reviewer: Now that it's a flag, I don't think we need this as a separate section. I'd just consolidate everything into a simple note.

```
:::note
The `skip_pre_upgrade` flag can be enabled to skip the execution of the`canister_pre_upgrade` method on the old canister instance.
The main purpose of this mode is recovery from cases when the `canister_pre_upgrade` hook traps unconditionally preventing the normal upgrade path.

Skipping the pre-upgrade can lead to data loss.
Use it only as the last resort and only if the stable memory already contains the entire canister state.
:::
```

Reviewer 2: Done, PTAL

These steps are atomic: If `canister_pre_upgrade` or `canister_post_upgrade` trap, the upgrade has failed, and the canister is reverted to the previous state. Otherwise, the upgrade has succeeded, and the old instance is discarded.

> :::note 

Reviewer 3: I wonder if we need a note here or if we should just make it part of the main text?

Reviewer 2: I am fine with both, @ielashi wdyt?

Reviewer: No strong opinion. Either is fine by me.

Reviewer 3: Kept the note, but simplified the surrounding text.

> The `skip_pre_upgrade` flag can be enabled to skip the execution of the`canister_pre_upgrade` method on the old canister instance.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `skip_pre_upgrade` flag can be enabled to skip the execution of the `canister_pre_upgrade` method on the old canister instance.
```

These steps are atomic: If `canister_pre_upgrade` or `canister_post_upgrade` trap, the upgrade has failed, and the canister is reverted to the previous state. Otherwise, the upgrade has succeeded, and the old instance is discarded.

#### Canister upgrade skip pre_upgrade method {#system-api-canister-upgrade-skip-pre_upgrade}

Skip pre_upgrade is a special type of canister upgrade that skips execution of the `canister_pre_upgrade` method on the old canister instance. The main purpose of this mode is recovery from cases when the `canister_pre_upgrade` hook traps unconditionally preventing the normal upgrade path.

:::note

Canister skip pre_upgrade can lead to data loss. Use it only as the last resort and only if the stable memory already contains the entire canister state.

:::

> The IC executes canister eviction as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The IC executes canister upgrade skip pre_upgrade as follows:
```

Reviewer 2: Done

When a canister is upgraded to a new WebAssembly module, the IC:

> 1.  Invokes `canister_pre_upgrade` (if present and unless `skip_pre_upgrade` is set to true) on the old instance, to give the canister a chance to clean up (e.g. move data to [stable memory](#system-api-stable-memory)).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1.  Invokes `canister_pre_upgrade` (if exported by the current canister code and  `skip_pre_upgrade` is not `opt true` ) on the old instance, to give the canister a chance to clean up (e.g. move data to [stable memory](#system-api-stable-memory)).
```

    Note that this is different from `uninstall_code` followed by `install_code`, as `uninstall_code` generates a synthetic reject response to all callers of the uninstalled canister that the uninstalled canister did not yet reply to and ensures that callbacks to outstanding calls made by the uninstalled canister won't be executed (i.e., upon receiving a response from a downstream call made by the uninstalled canister, the cycles attached to the response are refunded, but no callbacks are executed).

> -   If `mode = upgrade`, `mode = upgrade {skip_pre_upgrade = null}`, or `mode = upgrade {skip_pre_upgrade = opt false}`, this will perform an upgrade of a non-empty canister as described in [Canister upgrades](#system-api-upgrades), passing `arg` to the `canister_post_upgrade` method of the new instance.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
-   If `mode =  variant { upgrade }`,  `mode = variant  { upgrade  = opt {skip_pre_upgrade = null} }`, or `mode = variant { upgrade = opt {skip_pre_upgrade = opt false} }`, this will perform an upgrade of a non-empty canister as described in [Canister upgrades](#system-api-upgrades), passing `arg` to the `canister_post_upgrade` method of the new instance.
```
The previous two bullets are also imprecise acc to candid syntax. I expect. I'm not even sure I'm getting it right.

Reviewer 3: > The previous two bullets (for mode = install and mode = reinstall` are also imprecise acc to candid syntax, but I can't suggest on those line.

Fixed.

Reviewer 3: Your suggestion LGTM.

> -   If `mode = upgrade {skip_pre_upgrade = opt true}`, the system handles this method similarly to the `mode = upgrade` case, except that it does not execute the `canister_pre_upgrade` method on the old instance.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
-   If `mode = variant { upgrade = opt { record { skip_pre_upgrade = opt true} }`, the system handles this method similarly to the `mode = variant { upgrade }` case, except that it does not execute the `canister_pre_upgrade` method on the old instance.
```

#### IC Management Canister: Code upgrade

> Only the controllers of the given canister can install new code. This changes the code of an *existing* canister, preserving the state in the stable memory. This involves invoking the `canister_pre_upgrade` method, if the `skip_pre_upgrade` flag is not set to true, on the old and `canister_post_upgrade` method on the new canister, which must succeed and must not invoke other methods.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Only the controllers of the given canister can install new code. This changes the code of an *existing* canister, preserving the state in the stable memory. This involves invoking the `canister_pre_upgrade` method, if the `skip_pre_upgrade` flag is not set to `opt true`, on the old and `canister_post_upgrade` method on the new canister, which must succeed and must not invoke other methods.
```
